Nice to meet you and say cat
In this course we used Kura Girl Parker
We will do baking of paint
In this course, a representative will be given permission with the author's permission .
Working environment is windows 7
Use software is cloud alpaca
Then we think that we want to start immediately
step 1 2 Navi Iku
At first we paint with the lose 9 tool
N Hara will specter adjusted later painted in the color of the darker
Thin color challenges of the head because the coating left by can see in the eyes by painting with the color of the darker first
We recommend that you painted in the colors of the darker
eh
me
I will fill in the color magic after painting with a bucket so as not to be left unpainted with a pen
I want to give a sense of transparency, so it looks like a gradation in the third color close to white near the beginning of the god
Use
Over To Floaty in airbrush
Hmm
I will direct a large chill to clothes and cats and apply airbrushing
I leave also wrote the color of the line drawing in accordance with the static painted at this time
Transparent if you can buy to put the teak almost in line drawing layer
Hmm
me
If you change the color of the line drawing, the overall impression will be soft and you will be familiar with the meeting
Hmm
step 2 Welcome
Layer mode 嬢 Mr. At first painted onma in light color
I will add black shadows in blue and purple colors
It is different by mood Azari et al.
The tool I use is watercolor
goo
Skin hair and clothes 1 will be painted in the same way
mousse
Hmm
I added a little yellowish to my hair
After that, it 's repeated in white like painting the whole color and shape .
step 3 highlight and add
Hmm
In layer mode or issue
I will highlight
Rub paint to your grave because flashed a daughter because the color can color the flashed of recommended the darker color
Not
I will paint over in a slightly stronger glowing color
I think it is interesting even if I try to write light in a reddish color or a yellowish color bluish color
The background is not so much written this time
Plateau, such as it will depress with a sense not care
Hmm
Next is a book by a woman's shadow grandmother
The white part of the layer usually decided after the war
I will write out my hair
Flying colors in the syringe in the direction of anyone under Doke God
I write for myself not to look natural
Hmm
ni
step 8 background and finish
This time I was going to make it a simple background, so I'll fill in a single color when I open it
goo
I forgot to write before I started on the background
I will put a little on the shoulders and knees of the boy and change the shadow of the trip
goo
Hmm
Next move on to the finishing process
Duplicate some images
Click the top left layer
Hmm
I want it mainly at the level
Hue saturation lightness
Gaussian blur
me
goo
Use the Obon overlay screen is a layer
Boo
Thanks Bokashi can make the painting atmosphere look soft overall
Over or blur and adjust the graph Udo r power side
Hmm
Cooperation blew a fart well by making full use of in this way and the overlay using the well
The
It can be finished
goo
I will do my best until I understand
Review the whole at the end and it is the end
me
Thank you for watching
Good